highlight existence of formatting tool for contributors (#923)
SUSE/doc-ses: README.adoc

. For help on style and structure, refer to the https://documentation.suse.com/style/current[Documentation Style Guide].

> . To reformat the documentation automatically, use `daps xmlformat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Modified docbook files are re-formatted automatically on each pull request. if you still want to reformat the documentation manually, use `daps xmlformat`.
```

> . Modified docbook files are re-formatted automatically on each pull request. if you still want to reformat the documentation manually, use `daps xmlformat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Modified DocBook files are re-formatted automatically on each pull request. If you still want to reformat the documentation manually, use `daps xmlformat`.
```

> . If you want to have the documentation reformatted automatically, you can either use `daps-xmlformat` for single files or `daps xmlformat` for whole documents.

Reviewer 2: Sounds like a good idea.
* I tried to shorten the sentence.
* `daps xmlformat` actually does both.

```suggestion
. To reformat the documentation automatically, you can use `daps xmlformat`.
For more information, see https://opensuse.github.io/daps/doc/cha.daps.user.output.html#sec.daps.user.output.xmlformat.
```

Author: Note that the style guide states both. That's where I took the information from. Not sure if you want to have that updated, too.
